I was always into something and when I
was into something I always took it you
know head-on and I did it it was you
know basically that that's all I did I
was into breakdancing and I did that for
a while after that I was in a
skateboarding so the same thing you know
I would be out all night everyday just
doing that right until until I became
good at it then when I started lifting
weights it was in grade 10 you know I
had an actual weight lifting class not a
gym class it was we had a weightlifting
section so that's when I actually
started to train with weights the thing
that motivated me to do my first show I
think it was just through basic talking
to friends and people around the gym
area and you know things like that just
people saying you know hey you you look
like you could do a show and obviously
that sits with you right you know once
you once you hear something like that
you take an interest to it
so you think about it you watch a couple
of them you see what they're kind of
about and you know it the whole dying
thing and you know it's just something I
think you know what can I do it so I
went for it my first time I'm not gonna
lie didn't look the best I didn't know
what I was doing all and I remember I
was a Stratford show it's not only you
know are you nervous because well not
only is it your very first show but
you're not sure if you're doing
everything right I remember I didn't
bring protein I had to just use extra
dream tan which I don't know if you know
the difference but you know it's it's a
huge difference and I know I'm my tan
was off and I just wasn't conditioned
right you know I didn't know proper ways
of dieting yeah I did end up taking
third so that was not only you know not
only did I say okay maybe I did
something right or on doing something
right but obviously I have to improve
right so my epilepsy basically i was
diagnosed with epilepsy when i was 10
I'm it happened when I was in elementary
school in front of a computer as a
computer class or whoever
basically is just one of those things
where you know i was diagnosed with it I
you know I woke up it not in a hospital
after having a seizure in elementary
school and they told me that I had grand
mal epilepsy which well that default the
full name is juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
and their grand mal seizures that come
with it which other words it's a you
know it's it's one of those things that
you're faced with it and there's nothing
you can do with it you know either you
accept it or yeah you know you look you
hate yourself for you know the thing is
is that I do have to make sure that I do
get normal amounts of sleep I don't
stress too much it's little things like
that because it's dress and sleep
induced that that'll help trigger the
seizures more than anything so the great
thing is that I incorporate that into my
body with it a lot I like to you know I
like to make sure you know obviously its
body but you have to get your sleep you
have to make sure you're always eating
stress does help hold water and you know
it's just little things like that you
find you you know you get a lot more
places in life when they're not
stressful things all the time so you
know I do apply that to my life a lot I
just make sure I take my medication
regularly
and I do my best so no I'm luckily go to
say that I haven't had seizures in a
little while and hopefully we gave it
that way so I haven't had any problems
this time around for the fact that you
learn from your mistakes I find it you
know it every time I die it gets a
little easier I don't want to say easier
in the diet itself it's harder cuz you
know what's coming but for the fact that
you you're not second-guessing yourself
you know what to expect so in that sense
I would say that it's it hasn't been
harder believe it or not when I'm
dieting I'm most busiest you know I'm at
the gym you know at training clients at
ten at night or you know what I mean
I'll spread it out like that I find if I
keep myself busy and I prep my meals I'm
not at home waiting for the next meal
right and that's usually how I work it
out so if I'm busy doing things like
that or you know it just gets your mind
off of things all the time because I'm
the type of guy where I naturally do
love food so for me to sit at home and
beast not only not only love food and
naturally just be eating all the time
but to sit there and tell myself okay
you can't eat for two hours of candy for
an hour you can't you came for 30
minutes it's it's just you know a
dreidel driving us
last year I did the show I placed second
on middleweight great show like I said
best show I've ever done I did a few
shows before but this was born on the
the best held show most organized most
people most you know not only people
there but people as in sponsors and you
know there's tons of people just around
media I love the show I took second in
middleweight and you know hopefully this
year hopefully this year I do again or
even first but you never know we'll see
what goes way way I loved doing the show
so for the most part this morning was a
little draining and all dehydrated but
after the show I got a little bit of
liquids back in me you can't mess it up
too much of course for the night show so
I'm I feel good I have a little more
energy i did this morning and i'm
looking forward to the night show it's
one of my favorite so
you're already making some noise for
competitor number 5 40 employment he
says if you close to her eyes and see it
you can open them and do it Daniel sake
hurry
went well went well lot smoother than I
thought actually thought I was gonna
have to pull out some poses or my ass
but went well good place tonight 541
through the rest of the guys won yeah go
ahead game on
you